Can you tell the story of the months that led up to
Barry's assassination? What did, what, what, what did you know,
what did you sense? What.
Did you think? Okay. When I got up prison, I hadn't been out long. I was, uh,
watch eating breakfast and there was Ronald Reagan's face,
right in the television.
We have absolute proof that the communist San Anisa government is in the
cocaine run in business. And there was that fat lady,
the C 21, 26 on the runway with bail in.
And I thought, oh God, he had done it.
So I had heard that Barry Mudman working with him.
So it wasn't long working with, with the DEA, whoever he, that he,
he was no longer on our side, you know?
So, uh,
can you clarify how you got that from the Reagan making a statement about.
We've heard, okay. There was his plane, there was Barry's plane and okay.
On the way north, we could stop in, in Nicaragua land,
on the military base or on a,
a base that they used as crop dusters and all and refuel. Yeah.
And so that shortened, our trip would go further into the jungle and come up.
And that was what PLU Escabar and Ocho and them. And they had to,
they was associates with the, the people in, uh, Nicaragua.
So Barry was, if that plane was there, that means Barry.
He was feeding the da information.
He was working with him at that time. But let me back up a little bit when,
when I was flying and I told Barry, we would,
we would refuel and train airplane, the, the loads and police, where I had a,
a spot up there. And then that's when the,
they told me we can refuel and, and, uh, Nicaragua,
and then you fly all the way and Barry couldn't believe it. He says, all right,
but I wanted to land.
I had a place in Louisiana for $10,000 that I could land unload.
And the sheriff and all of 'em was paid off. And, uh, he said, no, no, no,
I can't get caught in me in Arkansas. I said,
what do you mean you can't get caught in me, Arkansas, you called anywhere.
He said, I can't if it going,
but it's gonna cost you $50,000 every time my wheels touch the ground.
Why can you explain why he can't get fired?
He was, he was hooked up with the, with him the very top. And he even said,
I'm gonna have dinner with the governor tonight.
That's at that time mean a Mr. Bill Clinton, undoubtedly.
And it so like, did bill Clinton, did you give any money? And I said, no,
I never be the man any money.
But it was like the money that I had that went to grand canyon islands.
And I told my lawyer, I said, I never touched that money. He said,
you don't have to fondle it to be guilty. So.
So what I mean,
there's a lot of conspiracy see theories around the relationship between Paris
seal and the Clintons. Absolutely. What evidence do we have?
What, what would you say from your best understanding, um,
of what was the relationship between bill Clinton and Barry seal?
Barry said, and he knew that he couldn't get caught in me in Arkansas.
And when that movie was gonna come out, be called MENA, somebody stopped it.
I mean, they stopped it dead in the tracks for two or three years.
And the producer even quit.
He, you mean the American made with Tom cruise movie. It wasn't,
it was gonna be.
Called Meina it's the name?
It was written and produced in Meina <laugh> and wait,
waiting on Hillary to be elected. They,
they would not understand let that movie out underst and that movie was changed
drastically.
But to push back on that, that doesn't mean there's truth there.
That means they were worried about out the power of the conspiracy theory.
That's right. Which stuck <laugh> exactly means, but I don't know. I mean,
you know, some,
some conspiracy theories just because they're popular doesn't mean they're true
and ones that, uh, but it also doesn't mean they're not true.
And there's ones that are not very popular, could be true, but that one,
that one really stuck did do do. I mean, what's your sense?
Well, I paid one and a half million dollars for Barry to land at MENA Arkansas.
So I was pretty well assured that he couldn't get caught.
And I said, well, I can't get caught in Columbia.
We can't get caught in Nicarag. Well, I guess we got a license.
So we went for it. Oh. So when you say I can't get caught, just to clarify,
there's a, there's a sense where this is a safe place to land. Yes.
Like completely.
Safe. So you don't think he was referring to some kind of, um, you know,
like my grandfather who fought in a world war II would talk about
bullets. Can't hit him. So it's almost like no believing.
He was taking that $50,000 and giving it to somebody, to somebody.
And Barry was honest.
So he wasn't just taking it from me because he was making a million dollars and
he didn't care for the 50,000.
Oh man.